---
description: >-
  A table of fields that can be used to create multipart balloons via an
  easy-to-use configuration system.
---

# 📜 Multipart Configuration Fields

#### Multipart Balloon Fields

Fields that can be used in the creation of a multipart-type balloon via a configuration file.

<table><thead><tr><th width="219">Field</th><th width="184">Description</th><th width="118">Value Type</th><th>Requirement</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>type</code></td><td>The type of balloon that this is. The two options are <code>single</code> and <code>multipart</code> respectively.</td><td><code>String</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to single)</td></tr><tr><td><code>id</code></td><td>The unique ID of the balloon used for internal purposes.</td><td><code>String</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>permission</code></td><td>The required permission that a player needs to utilize the balloon type.</td><td><code>String</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>name</code></td><td>The name of the balloon that appears is both the Bloons GUI and in chat for messages related to the balloon</td><td><code>String</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>lore</code></td><td>The lore of the item for the balloon that appears in the Bloon GUI menu.</td><td><code>String[]</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>node-count</code></td><td>The amount of nodes, models, or segments that appear in a multipart balloon.</td><td><code>int</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 5)</td></tr><tr><td><code>distance-between-nodes</code></td><td>The amount of blocks that are between each nodes. This is also the length of the segments that are in the middle of nodes. This is measured in blocks.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 2.0)</td></tr><tr><td><code>leash-height</code></td><td>The height of the leash that connects the player to the head segment measured in blocks relative to the head of the player.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 1.2)</td></tr><tr><td><code>head-node-offset</code></td><td>The offset of the head node from its zero measured in blocks.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td><code>body-node-offset</code></td><td>The offset of the body node from its zero measured in blocks.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td><code>tail-node-offset</code></td><td>The offset of the tailnode from its zero measured in blocks.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td><code>max-join-angle</code></td><td>The max angle that a segment/node can rotate to in degrees in both directions. This numer *2 is the total range of motion for each segment in degrees.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 35.0)</td></tr><tr><td><code>y-axis-interpolation</code></td><td>The interpolation of the Y-axis motion of every segment, node, or model. This is to help smooth out the motion of segments when moving up and down.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.35)</td></tr><tr><td><code>turning-spline-interpolation</code></td><td>The interpolation of the turning spline to prevent overturning and to enhance smoother turning of segments.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.35)</td></tr><tr><td><code>passive-sine-wave-speed</code></td><td>The speed of the passive sine wave animation. This is the amount of blocks a node will move every tick due to the runnable running every tick.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.05)</td></tr><tr><td><code>passive-sine-wave-amplitude</code></td><td>The amplitude of the passive sine wave animation. This is the maximum amount of blocks the balloon will move in the positive and negative direction on the Y-axis.</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.5)</td></tr><tr><td><code>passive-nose-sine-wave-amplitude</code></td><td>The amplitude of the passive sine wave animtion starting on the head node (nose).</td><td><code>double</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to 0.5)</td></tr><tr><td><code>head</code></td><td>The configuration section that contains information that pertains to the model of the head node of a multipart balloon.</td><td><code>segment_type</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>body</code></td><td>The configuration section that contains information that pertains to the model of the body node of a multipart balloon.</td><td>segment_type</td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>tail</code></td><td>The configuration section that contains information that pertains to the model of the tail node of a multipart balloon.</td><td><code>segment_type</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>&#x3C;segment_type>.material</code></td><td>The material that is used to create the model for the segment. This <strong>MUST</strong> be a valid Minecraft material.</td><td><code>String</code></td><td>Required</td></tr><tr><td><code>&#x3C;segment_type>.color</code></td><td>The hex color of the item that is used as the model for the balloon node of that type. This can only be used and applied on a material type that is dyeable and that starts with <code>LEATHER_</code></td><td><code>String</code></td><td>Optional (defaults to #ffffff)</td></tr><tr><td><code>&#x3C;segment_type>.custom-model-data</code></td><td>The custom model data value that is stored on the items meta data that is used on the armor stand of the node of the specified type.</td><td><code>int</code></td><td>Required</td></tr></tbody></table>
